guide: remote dev with k8s and telepresence (#16813)
docker/docs: develop/remote-development.md

---
title: Using Kubernetes for remote development
description: Introduction to working remote development clusters
keywords: remote, local, kubernetes, docker, telepresence
---

Teams developing large, cloud-native applications might find themselves in a
situation where it's not possible to run the entire application locally on a
development machine. There are several reasons why running an application
locally is sometimes not feasible:

- It requires more resources than your local machine can provide
- There are dependencies to cloud services, APIs, or networking configurations
  that can't be emulated
- Testing and validating requires large amounts of data or network traffic

> Often, this means you'll need to rely on continuous integration pipelines or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often, this means you need to rely on continuous integration pipelines or
```

remote resources helps simplify and speed up the inner loop. There are several
tools available, commercial and open-source, that you can use to enable a hybrid
local-and-remote development environment. For example:

- [Telepresence](https://www.cncf.io/projects/telepresence/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }
- [CodeZero](https://www.codezero.io/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }
- [Gefyra](https://gefyra.dev/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }
- [kubefwd](https://kubefwd.com/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }
- [ktunnel](https://github.com/omrikiei/ktunnel){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }

## Telepresence

Telepresence is an open-source CNCF project that helps you integrate local
services with a remote Kubernetes cluster. Telepresence works by running a
traffic manager pod in Kubernetes, and Telepresence client daemons on developer
workstations. The traffic manager acts as a two-way network proxy that can
intercept connections and route traffic between the cluster and containers
running on developer machines.

![High-level architecture of Telepresence](./images/telepresence-architecture.png)

> You have a few options for how you want the local containers to integrate with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have a few options for how the local containers can integrate with the cluster
```

> the cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- No intercepts

  The most basic integration involves no intercepts at all. Simply establishing
  a connection between the container and the cluster. This enables the container
  to access cluster resources, such as APIs and databases.

- Global intercepts

>   Next, you can set up global intercepts for a service. This means all traffic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can set up global intercepts for a service. This means all traffic
```

  for a service will be re-routed from Kubernetes to your local container.

- Personal intercepts

  The more advanced alternative to global intercepts is personal intercepts.
  Personal intercepts let you define conditions for when a request should be
  routed to your local container. The conditions could be anything from only
  routing requests that include a specific HTTP header, to requests targeting a
  specific route of an API.

> Telepresence is free and open-source, and you can try it out today by heading to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Telepresence is free and open-source, and you can try it out by heading to
```

which helps you manage intercepts for your containers.

### Docker × Ambassador

Sharing a development cluster with a large team can be both a blessing and a
curse. Because your teammates are connected to the cluster, you’re able to see
what they’re working on. But they can also accidentally step on your intercepts
of shared services. Ambassador Labs, creators of Telepresence, run a
subscription platform that helps teams share the cluster. You can identify all
the intercepts you have running on a service. Each developer can generate an
authenticated preview URL to share during code review.

Docker and Ambassador Labs are working together to make running a hybrid
local-remote development environment easy and seamless. You can now connect your
Docker ID to Ambassador Cloud to sign in and use Telepresence. To get started:

1. Go to the
   [Docker × Ambassador](https://app.getambassador.io/auth/realms/production/protocol/openid-connect/auth?client_id=docker-docs&response_type=code&redirect_uri=https://app.getambassador.io)
   page.
2. Sign in using your Docker ID.
3. Authorize the Ambassador Cloud app.

> This will take you to a step-by-step guide on setting up Telepresence,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This takes you to a step-by-step guide on setting up Telepresence,
```
